README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">🐉 Kali Linux NetHunter Installer for Termux</h1>

<div align="center">

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-3.0-blue.svg)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Android%20%7C%20Termux-green.svg)
![Author](https://img.shields.io/badge/author-Mahesh%20Technicals-orange.svg)

<br><br>
<img src="res/NH.jpg" alt="Kali Linux NetHunter Termux Banner" width="100%">

</div>

---

### 🚀 Ultimate Mobile Hacking Station (No Root)

Unlock the full potential of **mobile ethical hacking** with this **automated Kali Linux NetHunter installer for Termux**. Designed specifically for **Android devices without root**, this script seamlessly sets up a complete **Kali Linux (Rootless)** environment. 

Unlike standard installations, this project features a built-in **Audio Fix (PulseAudio)**, a custom **Kex VNC Manager** for a smooth desktop experience, and intelligent **Smart Update** capabilities to safeguard your user data during upgrades. Transform your Android phone into a powerful **cybersecurity workstation** effortlessly.

---

## ✨ Key Features

* **🔥 No Root Required**: Uses `proot` to simulate a root environment safely on Android.
* **🔊 Auto Sound Fix**: Integrated PulseAudio configuration. Sound from Kali tools works instantly.
* **🧠 Smart Download**: Automatically detects existing files to prevent unnecessary data usage.
* **🔄 Smart Update**: Updates system core files without deleting your personal `/home` directory or data.
* **🖥️ Kex Manager**: A custom `kex` command to easily manage VNC sessions (Start, Stop, Password).
* **📱 Multi-Arch Support**: Automatically detects and installs for `arm64`, `armhf`, `amd64`, or `i386`.

---

## 📋 Requirements

Before you begin, ensure your device meets the following requirements:

1.  **Storage**: At least **15-20 GB** of free internal storage.
2.  **Internet**: A stable connection (WiFi recommended) for the initial download.
3.  **Apps**: You need the following apps installed:

| App Name | Description | Download Link |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Termux** | The terminal emulator | [Download via GitHub](https://github.com/termux/termux-app/releases/latest) |
| **Termux API** | Hardware bridge | [Download via GitHub](https://github.com/termux/termux-api/releases/latest) |
| **VNC Viewer** | To view the desktop (GUI) | [Download via Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.realvnc.viewer.android) |

---

## 🚀 Installation

Open **Termux** and run the following commands one by one:

### 1. Update Termux
Update your repositories to ensure everything runs smoothly.
```bash
apt update && apt upgrade -y
```

### 2. Download Installer
Fetch the installation script from the repository.
```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaheshTechnicals/Kali-Linux-Termux/refs/heads/main/install.sh
```

### 3. Grant Permissions
Make the script executable.
```bash
chmod +x install.sh
```

### 4. Run Installer
Execute the script.
```bash
bash install.sh
```

> **Note:** When asked, select **Option 1** for the **Full Version** to get all tools and the desktop environment.

---

## 🎮 Usage Guide

Once installed, you can use the following commands inside Termux:

### 🟢 Basic Commands
| Command | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `kali` | Login to Kali Linux as a standard user (Recommended). |
| `kali -r` | Login to Kali Linux as **Root**. |

### 🔐 Default Credentials
If asked for a password inside the system (e.g., for sudo or root access):
* **User:** `root`
* **Password:** `kali`

### 🖥️ Desktop (VNC) Commands
We have included a custom tool called `kex` to manage your Graphical User Interface (GUI).

1.  **Login to Kali** first (`kali`).
2.  Run the following commands inside Kali:

| Command | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `kex passwd` | **Run this first.** Set up your VNC password (6-8 characters). |
| `kex &` | Start the VNC Server. |
| `kex kill` | Stop/Kill all running VNC sessions (useful if it crashes). |

---

## 📡 How to Connect to GUI (Desktop)

1.  Start the server inside Kali: `kex &`
2.  Open the **VNC Viewer** app on your phone.
3.  Create a new connection with these details:
    * **Address:** `127.0.0.1:5901` (or `localhost:5901`)
    * **Name:** Kali Linux
4.  Click **Connect**.
5.  Enter the password you set using `kex passwd`.

---

## 🛠️ Troubleshooting

* **Audio not working?**
    * The script automatically sets up PulseAudio. If it stops, simply restart Termux. The script ensures the audio server starts every time Termux opens.
* **Download failed?**
    * Run the script again. It will ask if you want to resume or re-download.
* **"Signal 9" Error?**
    * This usually means the Android system killed Termux to save battery. Check your phone settings and allow Termux to run in the background (disable battery optimization for Termux).

---

## 💖 Support The Project

If you find this tool helpful and want to support my work, please consider buying me a coffee!

<a href="https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/Varma161" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 41px !important;width: 174px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;" ></a>

- **UPI:** `maheshtechnicals@apl`

---

## 👨‍💻 Author

**Mahesh Technicals**
* Created and maintained by Mahesh Technicals.
* Script optimized for stability and ease of use.

---

*Disclaimer: This tool is for educational purposes and ethical hacking only. The author is not responsible for misuse.*

Commit message:

docs(readme): add Chromium browser-fix section for video playback and Firefox ESR network issues
Updated README.md to include a new Browser Fix section:

- Added instructions for installing Chromium browser inside Kali NetHunter
- Added steps to run the new browser-fix.sh script
- Documented fix for Firefox ESR 'no internet' issue
- Highlighted that Chromium enables smooth video playback
- Improved clarity for users facing browser-related issues

This update helps users resolve common browser problems and improves desktop usability.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">🐉 Kali Linux NetHunter Installer for Termux</h1>

<div align="center">

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-3.0-blue.svg)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Android%20%7C%20Termux-green.svg)
![Author](https://img.shields.io/badge/author-Mahesh%20Technicals-orange.svg)

<br><br>
<img src="res/NH.jpg" alt="Kali Linux NetHunter Termux Banner" width="100%">

</div>

---

### 🚀 Ultimate Mobile Hacking Station (No Root)

Unlock the full potential of **mobile ethical hacking** with this **automated Kali Linux NetHunter installer for Termux**. Designed specifically for **Android devices without root**, this script seamlessly sets up a complete **Kali Linux (Rootless)** environment. 

Unlike standard installations, this project features a built-in **Audio Fix (PulseAudio)**, a custom **Kex VNC Manager** for a smooth desktop experience, and intelligent **Smart Update** capabilities to safeguard your user data during upgrades. Transform your Android phone into a powerful **cybersecurity workstation** effortlessly.

---

## ✨ Key Features

* **🔥 No Root Required**: Uses `proot` to simulate a root environment safely on Android.
* **🔊 Auto Sound Fix**: Integrated PulseAudio configuration. Sound from Kali tools works instantly.
* **🧠 Smart Download**: Automatically detects existing files to prevent unnecessary data usage.
* **🔄 Smart Update**: Updates system core files without deleting your personal `/home` directory or data.
* **🖥️ Kex Manager**: A custom `kex` command to easily manage VNC sessions (Start, Stop, Password).
* **📱 Multi-Arch Support**: Automatically detects and installs for `arm64`, `armhf`, `amd64`, or `i386`.

---

## 📋 Requirements

Before you begin, ensure your device meets the following requirements:

1.  **Storage**: At least **15-20 GB** of free internal storage.
2.  **Internet**: A stable connection (WiFi recommended) for the initial download.
3.  **Apps**: You need the following apps installed:

| App Name | Description | Download Link |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Termux** | The terminal emulator | [Download via GitHub](https://github.com/termux/termux-app/releases/latest) |
| **Termux API** | Hardware bridge | [Download via GitHub](https://github.com/termux/termux-api/releases/latest) |
| **VNC Viewer** | To view the desktop (GUI) | [Download via Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.realvnc.viewer.android) |

---

## 🚀 Installation

Open **Termux** and run the following commands one by one:

### 1. Update Termux
Update your repositories to ensure everything runs smoothly.
```bash
apt update && apt upgrade -y
```

### 2. Download Installer
Fetch the installation script from the repository.
```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaheshTechnicals/Kali-Linux-Termux/refs/heads/main/install.sh
```

### 3. Grant Permissions
Make the script executable.
```bash
chmod +x install.sh
```

### 4. Run Installer
Execute the script.
```bash
bash install.sh
```

> **Note:** When asked, select **Option 1** for the **Full Version** to get all tools and the desktop environment.

---

## 🌐 Browser Fix: Use Chromium (Video Issue Fix)

If Firefox crashes or videos do not play, use this script to switch to **Chromium Browser** which works perfectly.

**1. Login to Kali Linux:**
```bash
kali
```

**2. Download and Run the Fix Script:**
```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaheshTechnicals/Kali-Linux-Termux/refs/heads/main/res/browser-fix.sh
```
```bash
chmod +x browser-fix.sh
```
```bash
bash browser-fix.sh
```

> **Note:** If asked for a password during installation, the default Root password is: `kali`

---

## 🎮 Usage Guide

Once installed, you can use the following commands inside Termux:

### 🟢 Basic Commands
| Command | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `kali` | Login to Kali Linux as a standard user (Recommended). |
| `kali -r` | Login to Kali Linux as **Root**. |

### 🔐 Default Credentials
If asked for a password inside the system (e.g., for sudo or root access):
* **User:** `root`
* **Password:** `kali`

### 🖥️ Desktop (VNC) Commands
We have included a custom tool called `kex` to manage your Graphical User Interface (GUI).

1.  **Login to Kali** first (`kali`).
2.  Run the following commands inside Kali:

| Command | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `kex passwd` | **Run this first.** Set up your VNC password (6-8 characters). |
| `kex &` | Start the VNC Server. |
| `kex kill` | Stop/Kill all running VNC sessions (useful if it crashes). |

---

## 📡 How to Connect to GUI (Desktop)

1.  Start the server inside Kali: `kex &`
2.  Open the **VNC Viewer** app on your phone.
3.  Create a new connection with these details:
    * **Address:** `127.0.0.1:5901` (or `localhost:5901`)
    * **Name:** Kali Linux
4.  Click **Connect**.
5.  Enter the password you set using `kex passwd`.

---

## 🛠️ Troubleshooting

* **Audio not working?**
    * The script automatically sets up PulseAudio. If it stops, simply restart Termux. The script ensures the audio server starts every time Termux opens.
* **Download failed?**
    * Run the script again. It will ask if you want to resume or re-download.
* **"Signal 9" Error?**
    * This usually means the Android system killed Termux to save battery. Check your phone settings and allow Termux to run in the background (disable battery optimization for Termux).

---

## 💖 Support The Project

If you find this tool helpful and want to support my work, please consider buying me a coffee!

<a href="https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/Varma161" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 41px !important;width: 174px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;" ></a>

- **UPI:** `maheshtechnicals@apl`

---

## 👨‍💻 Author

**Mahesh Technicals**
* Created and maintained by Mahesh Technicals.
* Script optimized for stability and ease of use.

---

*Disclaimer: This tool is for educational purposes and ethical hacking only. The author is not responsible for misuse.*
